Welcome to the complete guide to building premium WordPress themes. In this course you'll learn how to code
WordPress themes using best practices, coding standards and advanced workflows.
My name is Ali and I will be instructing you throughout this course.
Years ago I discovered my love for web development.
I started learning HTML, CSS and JavaScript and then I became obsessed with WordPress themes. I saw amazing stuff people created
websites like Theme Forest and I decided I'm going to learn this and publish my own themes. After a series
of failures and rejections,
I was able to get themes and plugins published on Theme Forest and that gave me a lot of experience
that I decided to share with you in this course.
This course is made for anybody seeking to code their great designs into premium WordPress themes that
are guaranteed to get accepted on marketplaces like Theme Forest.
After completing this course you will not only be able to create secure, translation ready and feature packed themes
but you'll also have a deep understanding on how WordPress works. During the course we will create a theme
from scratch.
First we will start by discussing some important theoretical topics that you should know before getting
deeper into coding a theme.
We will use diagrams and visualizations to help you understand concepts that we will use throughout
the entire theme.
Then we will spend some time writing some JavaScript that will help us automate some repetitive tasks
like compiling SASS to CSS, minifying CSS and JavaScript and many more.
After that we will dig deeper into our theme and in each section we will add a new major feature.
To take this course ideally you should be an existing web developer familiar with WordPress.
But don't worry if you have no prior work experience it's not a problem.
We will create everything from scratch.
You should however be good at HTML, CSS and JavaScript and also PHP.
You should at least have an idea about PHP variables, constants, functions, classes, objects, arrays and so on.
This is not a design, CSS, HTML or PHP course. I will mainly focus on WordPress functionality.
So make sure to read the course description for more information about that and also take a look at
the course curriculum and looking forward to see you inside.